{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
## What it does\
Do you want to spend your money more wisely? Do you want to help your friends do the same? \
FinFig. can help!\
## How it works\
\
 - Every month, each user starts with 1000 points\
 - Transaction with their credit card are automatically added to users' profiles\
 - The user then has to upload the receipt for that purchase and justify the use of funds\
 - The AI analyzes the receipt and justifications to decide if it was frivolous or necessary \
 - Frivolous purchases lead to point deductions \
 - You can view a public leaderboard of these points and compare with friends!\
 - You can also view your full purchase history AND all uploaded receipts **forever**\
\
## FAQS\
\
> ***But what if AI's judgment isn't perfect?***\
\
That's okay! The idea of the app is that you will be *thinking* about how you will justify a purchase while making it, which should already promote better spending habits.\
\
> ***Are receipts verified?***\
\
Yes, of course! To prevent users from submitting the wrong receipt for a transaction, the date and total spent on the receipt have to match with your credit card statement.\
> ***What if I can't upload a receipt?***\
\
That's okay too! You can choose not to upload a receipt for a purchase, but there will be a point deduction to prevent users from hiding unnecessary spending.\
\
> ***What if I don't want my friends to know how much I'm spending?***\
\
All of the amounts, purchased items, and receipts are **private** to you. Only your points (which isn't correlated with the amount of money spent) are shown publicly. \
\
## Why it works\
Have you ever decided not to buy something because you know later when you're talking to your dad you'll have to tell him you bought something stupid and he's gonna make a face like >:/ and then you gotta justify your decision? We made that into a game.\
\
You get to see how wisely your friends are spending their money, so you can either shame your friends into making better financial decisions or realize your  \
\
## How we built it\
\
## Challenges we ran into\
\
## Accomplishments that we're proud of\
\
## What we learned\
\
## What's next for Savosaurus }